Add correct language for --`rest-api-host-allowlist` (#610)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

  <TabItem value="Example" label="Example" >

```bash
--rest-api-host-allowlist=localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.1
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable" >

```bash
TEKU_REST_API_HOST_ALLOWLIST=localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.1
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file" >

```bash
rest-api-host-allowlist: ["localhost", "127.0.0.1", "10.0.0.1"]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

A comma-separated list of hostnames or IP addresses from which the REST API server will respond.
This flag restricts the server's responding addresses, but not the client access.

> You can listen on all addresses using `--rest-api-interface="*"` but restrict responses to specific hosts with this flag.

Reviewer: interface is `0.0.0.0`

When you configure the interface to listen on all available IP addresses (`rest-api-interface: "0.0.0.0"`) and allow all hosts

> (`["*"]`), you enable connections from any address, such as `localhost` (127.0.0.1) or a specific network IP such as `10.0.0.1`.

Reviewer: allow all hosts (`rest-api-host-allowlist`)
I believe the `["*"]` is specific to configuration file syntax for allowlist...

  <TabItem value="Example" label="Example" >

```bash
--rest-api-host-allowlist=localhost,127.0.0.1,192.168.1.3
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable" >

```bash
TEKU_REST_API_HOST_ALLOWLIST=localhost,127.0.0.1,192.168.1.3
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file" >

```bash
rest-api-host-allowlist: ["localhost", "127.0.0.1", "192.168.1.3"]
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

A comma-separated list of hostnames or IP addresses from which the REST API server will respond. This flag restricts the server's responding addresses, but not the client access.

> You can listen on all addresses using `--rest-api-listen-address="*"` but restrict responses to specific hosts with this flag.

Reviewer: Im fairly sure `--rest-api-listen-address` should be `--rest-api-interface`. I couldnt find any references to `rest-api-listen-address` in the code

  <TabItem value="Example" label="Example" >

```bash
--rest-api-host-allowlist=localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.1
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable" >

```bash
TEKU_REST_API_HOST_ALLOWLIST=localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.1
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file" >

```bash
rest-api-host-allowlist: ["localhost", "127.0.0.1", "10.0.0.1"]
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> A comma-separated list of hostnames or IP addresses from which the REST API server will respond.

Reviewer 2: "A comma-separated list of hostnames or IP addresses that the REST API server will respond to"?

Reviewer: that means exactly the oposite? It's literally addresses that the server will respond from

This flag restricts the server's responding addresses, but not the client access.

By default, Teku's REST API server responds only to requests where the `Host` header matches `localhost` or `127.0.0.1`.

> If you specify values, the server will only respond to requests where the `Host` header matches one of the specified hosts or IP addresses.

Reviewer 3: I have question: not yet clear to me whether the example above is necessary, i.e. the moment you add a specified value, you then override both defaults and need to provide these explicitly (as per the example line 2772 above) OR whether the example is providing unnecessary data which are served by default...?

Author: @m4sterbunny  if they provide the option without values, they should get an error

You can configure the API to listen on all network interfaces using [`rest-api-interface="0.0.0.0"`](#rest-api-interface)
and allow connections from specific addresses by setting `rest-api-host-allowlist`.
See [configure the API for network interfaces and host allowlist](../rest.md#configure-the-api-for-network-interfaces-and-host-allowlist)
for more information.

:::tip

> To allow all hostnames, use "*". We don't recommend allowing all hostnames for production environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To allow all hostnames, use "*". However, we don't recommend this for production environments.
```

Author: "Other parts of the doc use the original wording, so I repeated it for consistency. I think being more specific instead of using 'this' could be more helpful
